feat: algokit tasks - 1.6.0 release (#334)
algorandfoundation/algokit-cli: docs/features/tasks/wallet.md

```

### Remove

This command removes an address or account stored against a named alias.
You must confirm the prompt interactively or pass `--force` | `-f` flag to ignore the prompt.

```bash
$ algokit wallet remove ALIAS  [--force | -f]
```

### Reset

This command removes all aliases. You must confirm the prompt interactively or pass `--force` | `-f` flag to ignore the prompt.

```bash
$ algokit wallet reset [--force | -f]
```

## Keyring

AlgoKit relies on the [keyring](https://pypi.org/project/keyring/) library, which provides an easy way to interact with the operating system's password manager. This abstraction allows AlgoKit to securely manage sensitive information such as mnemonics and private keys.

When you use AlgoKit to store a mnemonic, it is never printed or exposed directly in the console. Instead, the mnemonic is converted and stored as a private key in the password manager. This ensures that your sensitive information is kept secure.

To retrieve the stored mnemonic, you will need to manually navigate to your operating system's password manager. The keyring library supports a variety of password managers across different operating systems. Here are some examples:

> - On macOS, the keyring library uses the Keychain Access app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On macOS, it uses the Keychain Access app.
```
